revise: updates `wdl-docs` to the new site structure and content (#33)
openwdl/wdl-docs: getting-started/ecosystem.md

| [GATK] <br /> _Broad Institute_                                 | Official GATK best practices workflows developed at and published by the Broad Institute's Data Sciences Platform.                                                                                          |
| [PacBio] <br /> _Pacific Biosciences_                           | Official repository for the best practices workflows for PacBio data.                                                                                                                                       |
| [St. Jude Cloud] <br /> _St. Jude Children's Research Hospital_ | Official repository for data processing pipelines used on St. Jude Cloud ([link](https://platform.stjude.cloud)).                                                                                           |
| [Thiagen] <br /> _Theiagen Genomics_                            | Official repository of Thiagen's WDL workflows.                                                                                                                                                             |

> | [WARP] <br /> _Broad Institute_                                 | WARP stands for "WDL Research Analysis Pipelines" and contains cloud-optimized pipelines for processing biological data from the Broad Institute Data Sciences Platform.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [WARP] <br /> _Broad Institute_                                 | WARP stands for "WDL Analysis Research Pipelines" and contains cloud-optimized pipelines for processing biological data at scale, developed by the Broad Institute Data Sciences Platform.                                    |
```

# Ecosystem

WDL has a rich, distributed ecosystem of interconnected developer tools and execution
engines to ensure (a) users can quickly write high-quality, idiomatic workflows, and (b)
scaling the execution of those workflows within any computation environment is a breeze.

::: tip

The WDL ecosystem is rapidly evolving, and, while we're always looking to expand
the list of known ecosystem tools, sometimes tools get missed. If you know of a tool
that needs to be listed here but isn't, we encourage you to [create a pull request] and
let us know!

:::

> ## Execution Engines

Reviewer 2: @claymcleod this seems like too many places to keep track of. Can we link this to the main OpenWdl website and update: https://openwdl.org/wdl-dev/#execution-engines-and-platforms

Reviewer 2: or @claymcleod  should we update the main website on Openwdl to link to this page? and replace this page https://openwdl.org/wdl-dev/#execution-engines-and-platforms?

Author: I proposed my solution here: https://github.com/openwdl/openwdl.github.io/pull/13.
